<h1>MySpace</h1>
Harman Sahota, Harsimar Singh

Project Proposal
Description
Our website "MySpace", is a website that allows users to view posts , stories and make
comments on posts as well create their own posts and stories by registering and then
logging in. Unregistered users are able to view others posts and stories but are not able
to make their own unless they register. Users are also able to view hacker news on this
thread based community website.

There are also seperate additional featurs for administrators that allow them to monitor
other users activity. Our website is easy to navigate and has an interactive and user
friendly UI. We are also using tried and tested techniques for our UI design in order to
provide a better experience for the users, we also ensure things on the backend are
running smoothly and providing the best experience for each screen and device.

Baseline Objectives

Website user’s objectives:
Browse discussions without registering
Search for posts by keyword without registering


Search for items/posts by keyword without registering
Register at the site by providing their name, e-mail and image
Allow user login by providing user id and password
Create and comment on discussions when logged into the site
Users are required to be able to view/edit their profile
User password recovery (via email)

Website administrator’s objectives:
Search for user by name, email or post
Enable/disable users
Edit/remove items and comments

Features
Some of our features that our site includes are listed as follows :

Front-End
Easy to use vertical navbar with hover effects and provides a responsive design by
switching according the device size.
Hand-Styled Layout with contextual menus, 3 column layout using appropriate
design principles.
Form-validation with javacript.
Site mantains state (ie. displays when the user is being logged on).
asynchronous updates using AJAX in certain pages where the content is
dynamically filled.
User images (profile pictures).
Error handling
Navigation breadcrumb strategy
Simple discussion (topics) grouping and display

Backend
Server-side scripting with PHP
Data storage in MySQL\

Additional Features
Activity by date
Styling flourishes
Private, Registered Users or Public mode when making a post
Search and analysis for items
Accessibility
Alerts on page changes
Collapsible items/treads without page reloading.

